gh-141749: align exceptions raised by `pickle.load` with `_pickle.load` (#141754)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-11-19-15-23-30.gh-issue-141749.QRBf7O.rst

> Pure python pickle.py error handling is more consistent with the c implementation, raising UnpicklingError exceptions for invalid pickle data instead of KeyError or IndexError.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`pickle`: align exceptions raised by the pure Python implementation of :func:`pickle.load`
with the C implementation. Previous cases raising :exc:`KeyError` or :exc:`IndexError`
now raise :exc:`~pickle.UnpicklingError`.
```

You can also add "Patch by [your name]" at the end.
